# 1.1.0 (2022-11-15)

## What's new ?

### Add debugObservablePipe

Add the function [debugObservablePipe](/docs/reference/debug-observable-pipe/).

It allows to debug the state of an Observable. Its goal is to optimize the pipeline, avoid memory-leeks, and print what appends with the data.


## Breaking changes

### Deprecate logStateObservablePipe

`logStateObservablePipe` is deprecated.
It's replaced by [debugObservablePipe](/docs/reference/debug-observable-pipe/).


### Change let$$ definition

`let$$` now returns a tuple instead of a Source.
We've seen that `let$$` was mostly used like this `const { emit: $value, subscribe: value$, getValue } = let$$('');`.
So we decided to reduce this complexity by returning a tuple instead of an object.

## Performances improvements

### Remove Object.freeze

Previously, the Notifications where frozen using `Object.freeze`.

This was done to prevent anyone from updating the properties of a Notification at runtime (like updating the `name` or `value`, through a `map$$$` pipe for example).
Changing a property would create critical undefined behaviour.

However, this safety mesure has a non-negligible impact on performances.
So, we decided to remove this runtime security (removing all `Object.freeze`), and only keep the compile time check (though typescript using readonly properties),
as we consider the developers mature enough not to bypass the typechecking and mutate the properties of the Notifications.

This update allows a performance gain around 30% for each Observable based on Notifications.

## Experimental

### Add experimental function mapObservableToObserver

### Add experimental function isMouseOverElementObservable

### Add experimental function isFocusedElementObservable


