# 1.2.0 (2023-26-01)

## What's new ?

### Add documentation for the RxJS's bridge

Add [a bridge](/docs/documentation/migration/from-rxjs/#bridge) between `@lirx/core` and `RxJS` to migrate step by step your existing projects.

Add the functions [fromRxJS](/docs/reference/from-rxjs/) and [toRxJS](/docs/reference/to-rxjs/)
to convert from an `rxjs`'s Observable to a `@lirx/core`'s one and vise-versa.

### Add documentation for fromFetch shortcuts

- [fromFetchJSON](/docs/reference/from-fetch-json/)
- [fromFetchText](/docs/reference/from-fetch-text/)
- [fromFetchArrayBuffer](/docs/reference/from-fetch-array-buffer/)
- [fromFetchBlob](/docs/reference/from-fetch-blob/)
- [fromFetchStream](/docs/reference/from-fetch-stream/)


### Add notificationsToValuesObservablePipe and  notificationsToLastValueObservablePipe

These functions convert an Observable of Notifications into an Observable.

- [notificationsToValuesObservablePipe](/docs/reference/notifications-to-values-observable-pipe/) accumulates `next` values in an array and send then when a `complete` is received.
- [notificationsToLastValueObservablePipe](/docs/reference/notifications-to-last-value-observable-pipe/) stores the last `next` value and send it when a `complete` is received.


### Add IObservableLike and toObservable

Add the function [toObservable](/docs/reference/to-observable/).

It allows to convert an Observable or a value to an Observable.

### Add toString$$$, toNumber$$$ and toBoolean$$$

Add some shortcuts functions for the function [mapObservablePipe](/docs/reference/map-observable-pipe/): `toString$$$`, `toNumber$$$` and `toBoolean$$$`.

These functions cast incoming values to `string`, `number`, and `boolean`, respectively.


## Breaking changes

### Move many utils functions to @lirx/utils and @lirx/promise

Many utils functions, not directly related to Observable and Reactive Programming,
were present in the `@lirx/core` library.
Such functions, should not be part of this lib, but exist in others repositories instead.
So, we're currently extracting these functions, and we put them in different packages called `@lirx/utils` and `@lirx/promise`.
This effort, will probably take a few releases in order to properly select the right functions and limit the changes.

This is a breaking change only if you were using such functions.
In this case, you may import them from the packages `@lirx/utils` or `@lirx/promise` instead.

## Deprecated

### Deprecate reactiveString

`reactiveString` was an experimental feature to create *reactive* strings from a specific string pattern,
and some Observables provided as `Record<string, IObservable<string>>`.
However, such a feature is not generic enough, and, if required, should exist as an independent library.

This function will be removed in a future release.

## Experimental

### Add experimental function autoUnsubscribeObservableWithNotifications

### Add experimental function cacheObservableWithNotifications

### Rework IOStream and WebSocketStream


## Others

### Add stackblitz links

Creates many stackblitz projects to provide live demos of `@lirx/core` and illustrate many examples with live code directly from the browser.
