# 1.6.0 (2024-03-03)

## Fixes

### createDraggableObservable

Fixes `createDraggableObservable` by checking if the `primarry` button is pressed instead of `button: 0`.

## Breaking changes

### Signals

Signals were fast, but they are even faster now ⚡: they got major improvements in performance, fine-tuning every aspect to get the absolute best performances.

Moreover, we reworked the API to be more consistent with the Angular's signals.
Sadly, this introduces some small breaking changes in this release.


#### Update the `set(...)` method

The `force` argument is removed.

Previously, it was possible to force setting a new value within a Signal, bypassing the `equal` function (using `set(..., true)` or `mutate(...)`).
We removed this functionally, granting this right only to the portion of code creating the signal (using the `equal` function), and not the one using it.

#### Remove the `mutate(...)` method

Now, only the creator of a signal can control how distinct values are managed through the `equal` function.

#### Remove the `throw(...)` method

This method was experimental as well as the "error" state of a Signal. Now only `computed` may have an "error" state.

#### Remove the `toObservable(...)` method

This method started to be complicated, had too many options, and was slowing down the performances of the Signals.
It is replaced by the dedicated function `fromSignal`.

#### Update the `effect(...)` function

Remove the `options` arguments.

> In conclusion, Signals are now lighter and faster due to all these improvements.

### Documentation

### Signals

The documentation on Signals has been reworked. Signals go up in the list of tutorials with a better visibility.
They serve as a first introduction of Reactive Programming before the Observables.

We're now confident enough to say that Signals are mature, stable and ready for production.
